h1. Introduction

Main features of the plugin:
* Add 3 actions in repository views: "upload files", "new folder" and "delete file/folder". Right now, only subversion and filesystem SCM are supported...
* Add a new macro _scm_show_ to include repository inside a wiki page 

Development was done using REDMINE trunk r3826 (=> 0.9.5 +) but any release after 0.9 should work

About subversion support:
To commit changes in Subversion, the plugin opens the repository with the file protocol. For this reason, you need the following:
* The repositories have to be installed on the REDMINE server.
* Plugin will replace the beginning of your repository location ([protocol]://[server]/" with "file:///svnroot/". You may need to create a symbolic link /svnroot for this to work...  

h1. Setup

h3. 1. Install plugin into vendor/plugins

Install redmine_scm_extensions with:
* ruby script/plugin install http://github.com/amartel/redmine_scm_extensions.git

No DB migration is required...

h3. 2. Restart your web server


h3. 3. Configure REDMINE with your web browser

If everything is OK, you should see SCM extensions in the plugin list (Administration -> Plugins)

A new permission is now available (SCM extensions -> Update repository) and you have to assign it to the roles you need


h1. History

0.1.0: 2011-01-14
* Fixed: support for redmine 1.1.0 (icon display)

0.0.2: 2010-08-03
* New: support for filesystem SCM
* New: Members can be selected in upload form and the plugin will notify them by email if upload complete successfully

0.0.1: Initial release